Revamp utils modules (#58)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-xmldata: xmldata-ballerina/Package.md

## Package overview

> This package provides functions to perform the conversion between `xml` and `json`. It provides APIs to get an `xml` from a `json` and convert an `xml` to a `json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides functions to perform the conversion between `xml` and `json`. It provides APIs to convert a natural representation of data in XML into a natural representation of data in JSON and vice-versa.
```
